doc: provides descriptions of the volume, engine, and replica condition. (#971)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.5.4/high-availability/recover-volume.md

- Network disconnection: Interrupted connection between the engine and replicas.
- High disk latency: Significant delay in the transfer of data between a replica and the corresponding disk.

> Longhorn checks the state of the volume's global mount point every 10 seconds. When the volume's filesystem changes to read-only, Longhorn updates the condition to the volume's data engine. Longhorn then automatically attempts to remount the global mount point on the host to change the state back to read-write. Upon successful remounting, the workload pods continue functioning without disruption. However, if the mount point becomes write-protected and Longhorn fails to remount the mount point, you may still need to manually recreate the workload to force it reattach and remount the volume. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Longhorn checks the state of the volume's global mount point every 10 seconds. When the volume's filesystem changes to read-only, Longhorn updates the condition to the volume's data engine. Longhorn then automatically attempts to remount the global mount point on the host to change the state back to read-write. Upon successful remounting, the workload pods continue functioning without disruption. Longhorn also attempts to remount when the volume's filesystem changes to write-protected. If the remounting attempt fails, you may need to manually recreate the workload to force it reattach and remount the volume. 
```

Reviewer: The sentence is too long so I separated the system action and user action.

Author: Hi @jillian-maroket 
I feel like the meaning has changed. 
Longhorn remount the mount point if it is now read-only.
However, the mount point can be read-only and also write protected. In this case, Longhorn won't be able to remount it to read-write.

That is, Longhorn only remount the mount point if it is read-only. The "write protected" is the case that Longhorn won't be remount the mount point.

Reviewer: @ChanYiLin Thank you for clarifying. Let's use your original wording. I can't think of a way to separate the many concepts without altering the meaning.
